HEY, AVERY, IS THAT
ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS?
REALLY? YOU THINK
THIS IS ONE OF MY FRIENDS?
WELL, I WAS HOPING NOT,
BUT I'M TRYING TO BE
LESS "JUDGEY."
IT'S UNION GENERAL
AMBROSE BURNSIDE.
I'M DOING A REPORT
ON THE CIVIL WAR,
BUT I JUST CAN'T FOCUS.
I KEEP THINKING ABOUT...
DUSTIN?
HOW'D YOU KNOW?
JUST A LUCKY GUESS.
I SIT NEXT
TO HIM IN ENGLISH.
HE'S ASKED TO BORROW
MY PENCIL FOUR TIMES.
THAT MEANS SOMETHING,
RIGHT?
YEAH. HE HAS NO REGARD
FOR PENCILS.
YOU'RE NOT HELPING, STAN.
I CAN'T THINK ABOUT
ANYTHING BUT DUSTIN...
NOT EVEN MY SCHOOLWORK.
IT'S LIKE HE'S LIVING
INSIDE MY HEAD.
OH! I SOMETIMES FEEL
THAT WAY ABOUT EAR MITES...
WHICH TECHNICALLY ARE
LIVING INSIDE MY HEAD.
I'VE NEVER FELT
THIS WAY BEFORE.
IT'S LIKE SOMETHING
THERE'S SOMETHING MAKING ME
FEEL WARM AND TINGLY INSIDE,
AND ITS NAME IS...
BACON!
DUSTIN.
( laughing )
OH, I TOTALLY MISJUDGED
WHERE YOU WERE GOING
WITH THAT.
COME ON, STAN.
YOU KNOW, I FEEL
WEIRD SAYING THIS,
BUT I REALLY WANT DUSTIN
TO BE MY BOYFRIEND.
HOW DO I DO THAT?
YOU WAIT FOR BREAKFAST
AND HOPE SOME FALLS
ON THE FLOOR.
THAT'S WHAT I DO WITH BACON.
I'M SERIOUS.
STAN, YOU'RE THE ONE
I COUNT ON.
YOU ALWAYS HAVE
THE BEST ADVICE.
UH, I'D LOVE TO HELP YOU,
BUT I'VE GOT TO GO PLAY
A GAME WITH CHLOE.
STAN, WAIT, I JUST WANNA--
HEY, SWEETIE, I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT LIKE A SNACK
WHILE YOU STUDY.
WOW! UH...
THAT'S INTERESTING.
IS THERE ANYTHING
YOU'D LIKE TO TALK ABOUT?
NO.
REALLY?
YES.
NO.
THIS IS BENNETT JAMES
IN TRAFFIC COPTER 6.
OH, WE'VE GOT A LITTLE
BACKUP ON INTERSTATE 5,
HEADIN' INTO--
HEY, GUESS WHAT!
THOUGHT THOSE TOYS
WERE FOR YOUR PATIENTS.
I WAS JUST MAKIN' SURE
THEY'RE SAFE.
THIS ONE IS NOT.
YOU WERE, UH, SAYING?
YEAH, YEAH.
HUGE NEWS.
AVERY'S GOT
HER FIRST CRUSH.
SHE WROTE HIS NAME
ALL OVER HER ART WALL,
BUT WHEN I ASKED HER
ABOUT HIM, SHE CLAMMED UP.
IT'S TOUGH TO TALK TO KIDS
ABOUT THIS STUFF.
IT TOOK ME YEARS
TO DEVELOP THE SKILLS
TO CREATE A PROTECTED
ENVIRONMENT WHERE KIDS
CAN FEEL SAFE.
TRUST ME-- I KNOW
HOW TO GET RETICENT
KIDS TO OPEN UP.
NO.
REALLY?
IF YOUR MOM ASKS, YOU
OPENED UP AND TOLD ME
EVERYTHING.
REALLY?
NO.
SO AVERY HAS
HER FIRST CRUSH.
I JUST GOT OVER A CRAZY
CRUSH ON A FRENCH POODLE
A COUPLE WEEKS AGO.
I WAS SO OBSESSED,
I CONSIDERED GETTING
THE SAME HAIRCUT.
I BELIEVE MY CASTLE HAS
PUT YOUR KING IN DANGER.
YEAH, IN REGULAR
BORING CHESS.
BUT IN CHLOE CHESS,
CASTLES CAN'T MOVE
WITHOUT PERMISSION
FROM THE CITY.
DO YOU HAVE PERMISSION
FROM THE CITY?
NO.
LUCKILY I DO!
YOUR TURN.
HA HA! THERE!
I GOT ONE OF YOUR PAWNS.
THAT SPACE HAS
A BOOBY TRAP ON IT.
( imitates explosions )
HEY!
AVERY.
IS YOUR DUSTIN HERE?
NOT YET, BUT HE ALWAYS
RIDES HIS BIKE HERE
AFTER SCHOOL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR MEETING ME.
I REALLY NEED HELP
FROM SOMEONE
WHO UNDERSTANDS BOYS.
DON'T WORRY.
I WILL HELP MAKE HIM
YOUR "DUSTINY."
( laughing ) I INVENTED
AMERICAN-STYLE JOKE!
IF HIS NAME WAS GEORGE,
THAT WOULD NOT HAVE WORKED.
OOH OOH! THERE HE IS!
THAT'S DUSTIN.
WHICH ONE?
THERE.
DUSTIN PITT.
AVERY THINKS HE'S CUTE,
BUT WOULDN'T HE LOOK
BETTER LIKE THIS?
HEY, NIKKI, WHAT'S UP?
IT'S THE OPPOSITE OF DOWN.
( laughing )
I LOVE THE AMERICAN
JOKE STYLE!
IF YOU HAD SAID
"HOW'S IT GOING?"
THAT WOULD NOT HAVE WORKED.
YOU'RE HILARIOUS,
AND SO GOOD LOOKING.
IT'S LIKE
WE'RE THE SAME PERSON.
SO, UH, WANNA HANG OUT
SOME TIME?
TYLER, NIKKI'S HELPING ME
WITH SOMETHING
THAT'S VERY IMPORTANT
TO ME. NOT NOW.
COOL. WHAT CAN NIKKI
AND I HELP YOU WITH?
LET ME TALK TO NIKKI,
AND THEN YOU CAN MEET HER
AT THE BROGURT SHOP
ON WHITMAN AVENUE.
SHE'S HEADING THERE
IN A MINUTE.
SWEET! SEE YOU.
BUT I AM NOT GETTING
"BROGURT"
ON WHITMAN AVENUE.
AND NEITHER IS HE.
THERE'S NO BROGURT SHOP
ON WHITMAN AVENUE.
THERE'S NO WHITMAN AVENUE...
AND THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS BROGURT!
HEY, YOU'RE AVERY,
RIGHT?
FROM MR. HAWORTH'S CLASS?
YOU KNOW TYLER JAMES?
( silly giggle )
UH, HE IS HER BROTHER.
NO WAY! TYLER'S
AN AMAZING RIDER.
HE'S, LIKE, MY IDOL.
WHAAA!
UH, AVERY,
WEREN'T YOU AND TYLER
GOING TO HANG OUT
AT YOUR HOUSE TOMORROW?
MAYBE DUSTIN COULD
HANG OUT, TOO.
YEAH, THAT'D BE AWESOME.
( clicks tongue )
GREAT. AVERY WILL
SEE YOU THEN.
YAY!
BUT WAIT-- I WAS
SO NERVOUS AND TONGUE-TIED.
DID I JUST MAKE A COMPLETE
FOOL OUT OF MYSELF?
I THOUGHT SO, BUT HE
DIDN'T SEEM TO NOTICE!
THERE'S NO BROGURT SHOP
ON WHITMAN AVENUE.
THERE IS NO WHITMAN AVENUE.
AND THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS "BROGURT."
I'M REALLY SORRY.
YOU SHOULD BE.
I JUST RODE 37 MILES
SCREAMING THE WORD "BROGURT"
AT THE TOP OF MY LUNGS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
I'LL LET YOU HANG OUT
WITH DUSTIN AND ME TOMORROW.
THERE'LL BE BROGURT.
REALLY? STOP THAT!
I'M NOT HANGING OUT
WITH SOME 6th-GRADE DWEEB.
PLEASE, JUST HANG OUT
WITH DUSTIN AND ME
WHEN HE COMES OVER
TOMORROW.
HE REALLY LOOKS UP TO YOU.
GIVE ME ONE HOUR.
I'LL DO ANYTHING.
FINE, BUT YOU'VE GOT
TO MAKE NIKKI LOVE ME.
I'M SMALL.
I'M NOT MAGICAL.
OKAY, JUST FIND OUT
WHAT NIKKI LOOKS
FOR IN GUYS.
AND DON'T TELL ME
TO MEET HER AT SOME
"BONUT" SHOP
ON FAKE STREET.
DID I HEAR SOMEONE
MENTION "BONUTS"?
IF IT'S HALF-BONE,
HALF-DONUT,
I'LL TAKE A DOZEN
LIVER-FILLED.
AND IF IT ISN'T,
IT'S JUST A CRUEL JOKE.
SHE WON'T TALK TO ME.
I'VE BEEN THROUGH
HER DECOY DIARY,
HER REAL DIARY,
HER COMPUTER.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
SHE WON'T TRUST ME.
HONEY, YOU'RE GOING
OVERBOARD ON THIS
DUSTIN THING.
IT'S A SCHOOLGIRL CRUSH.
LET'S JUST GIVE AVERY
SOME SPACE ON THIS.
SHE'S MY LITTLE BABY,
BENNETT.
I DON'T CARE HOW MANY TIMES
SHE CALLED ME
"THAT PRYING SNOOP"
IN HER DIARY.
FORTY-TWO.
IT WAS VERY HURTFUL.
HONEY, I'M SORRY TO BE
THE LECTURER HERE,
BUT IF YOU DON'T WANT
YOUR FEELINGS HURT,
YOU PROBABLY SHOULDN'T BE
POKING AROUND
IN OTHER PEOPLE'S
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S LIKE WHEN YOU WERE
IN THE SEVENTH GRADE...
AND YOU SNOOPED
ON THOSE GIRLS
AND YOU HEARD THEM
CALL YOU "CHICKEN LEGS."
YOU READ MY DIARY?
WILD GUESS
TO MAKE A POINT.
HEY, BUT YOU GREW
OUT OF IT, HUH?
LOOK AT THOSE BIG,
MEATY BUFFALO LEGS.
NOT MAKING IT BETTER,
AM I?
EVER BEEN KICKED
BY A BUFFALO?
HA HA HA HA!
ALL RIGHT,
GET OUT OF THIS ONE!
CHLOE RULE TEN--
A GIANT ARM FROM THE SKY
HAS WIPED OUT YOUR PIECES.
I WIN!
THIS IS THE WORST
GAME EVER. I AM DONE!
Avery: STAN,
COME HERE, BOY!
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
SET 'EM UP.
BUT AVERY JUST CALLED YOU.
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN SPENDING
MUCH TIME WITH HER LATELY.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
THERE'S SOMETHING GOING ON,
BUT IT'S NOT YOUR PROBLEM.
NOW, ARE WE GONNA PLAY,
OR WHAT?
TOO LATE.
YOU LOSE AGAIN.
WHILE YOU WERE TALKING,
I TIED YOUR KING
TO THE BALLOON OF DOOM!
OH, UH, HEY, MOM.
I WAS WONDERING IF I COULD
HAVE A FRIEND OVER FROM
SCHOOL LATER.
OH! A FRIEND FROM SCHOOL?
IS IT LINDSAY?
NO, SHE'S OUT OF TOWN.
SARAH? HEATHER? SHONDRA?
LAURIE? KIMI? RACHEL?
CARLA? LUPE?
XING XAO RUBINSTEIN?
NO, IT'S ACTUALLY DUSTIN.
REALLY? HOW NICE.
SHE'S CONFIDING IN ME!
SHE'S SHARING!
WHAT DO I SAY?
WHAT WOULD XING XAO
RUBINSTEIN'S MOTHER SAY?
SO... ANYTHING
YOU NEED HELP WITH?
MAYBE I SHOULD TALK TO HER.
MAYBE SHE CAN HELP.
OHH! NOT THE DESPERATE
HELP FACE.
UH... NAH. I DON'T
THINK I NEED ANY HELP.
OH, NO.
SHE'S SHUTTING DOWN.
SHE'S DOING
THE CLAMMING-UP FACE.
SHE HATES ME. I'M
REPEATING MY RELATIONSHIP
WITH MY OWN MOTHER.
WELL...
YOU TWO HAVE FUN.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO HAVE FUN?
WHAT IF HE DOESN'T
LIKE ME?
DID MY KNEES GET BIGGER?
OH, I HAVE REALLY,
REALLY BIG KNEES!
WHY AM I WORRYING?
SHE SEEMS FINE,
LIKE SHE'S DONE THIS BEFORE.
MAYBE SHE'S HAD
OTHER BOYFRIENDS.
DID I MISS A DIARY?
ANYWAY,
IF YOU WANT TO CHAT,
I'M ALWAYS AROUND.
YEAH, YOU SHOULD REALLY
GET OUT MORE.
OH, GOOD. YOU'RE HERE.
I AM SO NERVOUS.
DUSTIN'S COMING OVER,
AND I'M REALLY
HOPING THAT AFTER
WE HANG OUT TODAY,
HE'LL BE MY BOYFRIEND,
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO DO.
IS MY HAIR ALL RIGHT?
HOW MUCH EYE CONTACT
IS TOO MUCH?
IS THIS TOO MUCH?
HOW 'BOUT THIS?
IS THAT YOUR
BREATH OR MINE?
OH, I REALLY
HOPE IT'S YOURS.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
I GOTTA GO-- CHLOE CHESS.
HAVE A MINT TO BE SAFE.
WAIT, STAN,
I NEED YOUR HELP.
OH, FINALLY, YOU'RE HERE.
DUSTIN'S ON HIS WAY.
OH, RIGHT.
THE 6th-GRADE DWEEB.
DO I REALLY HAVE
TO DO THIS?
IF YOU WANT ME
TO HELP YOU WITH NIKKI.
ONE HOUR. WE HAD A DEAL.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
( doorbell rings )
THAT'S DUSTIN!
LET HIM IN BEFORE HE LEAVES!
HEY, NIKKI.
TYLER, I WAITED FOR YOU
AT THE BROGURT SHOP.
WHERE WERE YOU?
I KNOW YOU'RE TEASING ME.
ARE YOU SURE?
NO.
I CAME TO SEE
IF YOU NEED HELP
BECAUSE YOUR DUSTIN
IS COMING OVER.
THANK GOODNESS.
I AM SO NERVOUS.
NIKKI,
WHAT'S YOUR SECRET?
MY BROTHER DIDN'T FALL,
HE WAS PUSHED.
I MEANT
FOR ATTRACTING BOYS.
OH. ( titters )
FORGET THAT OTHER THING.
( doorbell rings )
( gasps )
WE'LL GET THE DOOR,
YOU KEEP HIM WAITING
FOR A FEW SECONDS,
AND THEN MAKE
A BIG ENTRANCE.
GOOD IDEA.
OH, I'M SO NERVOUS!
YOU'RE TYLER JAMES!
MY FRIENDS AND ME,
WE WATCH YOU RIDE
ALL THE TIME.
YOU ARE AWESOME!
THANKS. I HAVE
NO IDEA WHO YOU ARE.
That is so cool!
AVERY, COME ON.
I THINK YOU SHOULD
HANG OUT WITH HER.
Okay.
OH! IS THAT YOU,
DUSTIN?
HI.
WELL! THAT WAS WEIRD.
THERE SHE IS!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
I ALWAYS COME DOWN
THE STAIRS LIKE THAT.
IT WAS HILARIOUS.
AND YOU DIDN'T,
LIKE, YOU KNOW,
CRY OR ANYTHING.
NO. WANT TO REAL BAD,
BUT, UH, NO.
DUSTIN,
SIT ON THE COUCH.
WHATEVER YOU SAY, TYLER.
WELL, I'D BETTER GO.
I'LL BE BACK LATER
TO FIND OUT HOW IT WENT.
OW! OW! OW!
BYE, TYLER.
UH, I HOPE IT'S OKAY
THAT I TEASE YOU LIKE THAT.
IT'S JUST SO MUCH FUN.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
SHE LOVES WHEN WE
FLIRT WITH EACH OTHER!
NO, I DIDN'T HEAR THAT.
I OUGHT TO GO HANG OUT
WITH HER, OKAY?
TELL ME
WHAT SHE LIKES IN GUYS.
UM, NO.
THE DEAL WAS, YOU HANG OUT
HERE WITH ME AND DUSTIN.
I DID.
FOR AN HOUR. YOU'RE
BREAKING THE DEAL.
I DON'T CARE. YOU GIVE
ME THE INFORMATION
ABOUT NIKKI,
OR I TELL DUSTIN
YOU'RE A LOSER.
HE'LL BELIEVE
ANYTHING I SAY.
OKAY. FINE.
NIKKI LIKE'S GUYS
WHO REMIND HER
OF HER GRANDFATHER.
SHE SENT ME A PICTURE
OF HIM. HERE HE IS.
I'LL SEND IT TO YOU
SO YOU DON'T FORGET.
THIS IS
GONNA BE SO USEFUL!
WHA--? WHERE'D TYLER GO?
OH, UH, HE LEFT,
BUT HE WANTS YOU TO STAY.
OH, OKAY.
SO, DO YOU WANT
SOME POPCORN?
POPCORN! DRINKS!
AVERY'S MOM.
I'VE HEARD SO
LITTLE ABOUT YOU.
NO TATTOOS.
NO PIERCINGS.
WELL-GROOMED. OKAY!
SO I GUESS
I'LL SEE YOU AROUND.
YEAH, SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
THANK YOUR MOM
FOR ALL OF THAT POPCORN.
YEAH, OKAY.
( clicks tongue )
SO?
HOW DID IT GO?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
WHAT DO YOU DO
WHEN YOU'RE WITH A BOY
AND IT ENDS
AND YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW IT WENT OR HOW
HE FEELS
OR WHERE YOU STAND?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
SO, WHAT DO YOU MEAN
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW
IT WENT WITH DUSTIN?
WHAT HAPPENED?
ALL KINDS OF THINGS.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT THEY MEAN.
WE WATCHED A MOVIE,
AND AT A FUNNY PART,
HE LAUGHED AND PUNCHED ME
IN THE ARM.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
WAS IT AN EXCUSE
TO TOUCH ME?
WAS HE TREATING ME
LIKE A BUDDY?
WAS HE TRYING TO DISTRACT
ME FROM A FART?
THEN WE WATCHED THE MOVIE
FOR A LONG TIME
WHERE
NOTHING REALLY HAPPENED,
SO WE'LL JUST SKIP
OVER THAT PART.
THEN I YAWNED,
AND HE DIDN'T.
Nikki: YOU WERE BORED?
NO, BUT I HAPPEN
TO KNOW OF A UNIVERSITY
OF PISA STUDY
SHOWING THAT YAWNING
IS CONTAGIOUS AMONG PEOPLE
WHO HAVE
AN EMOTIONAL CONNECTION.
I WANTED TO SEE IF HE FEELS
HE FEELS NO
EMOTIONAL CONNECTION!
NOW ALL THIS TALK ABOUT
CONNECTING WITH YAWNING
IS MAKING ME WANT TO YAWN.
Both: AWWW!
WELL, THEN HE LEFT.
YOU KNOW, I WAS
HOPING THAT AFTER TODAY
HE'D BE MY BOYFRIEND,
BUT NOW I DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHAT WE ARE.
( both sneeze )
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I THINK WE'RE
GETTING A COLD.
Both: AWWW!
HELLO!
TYLER, YOU LOOK
RIDICULOUS!
WHAT IS THAT?
WHAT, I DON'T LOOK
LIKE YOUR GRANDFATHER?
NO, AND WHY WOULD
YOU WANT TO?
HE WAS FOUR-FOOT-NINE
WITH T. REX ARMS
AND EARS THE SIZE
OF TAMBOURINES.
AVERY TOLD ME YOU LIKE
GUYS WHO REMIND YOU
OF YOUR GRANDFATHER.
SHE SHOWED ME THIS PICTURE.
THAT'S AMBROSE BURNSIDE,
THE UNION GENERAL
FROM AVERY'S REPORT.
I THINK SHE WAS
MESSING WITH YOU.
I WAS JUST TRYING THIS ON
TO SEE IF YOU'D LIKE IT.
GOOD THINK I DIDN'T SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE
GROWING ONE!
OW. OW! IT'S STUCK!
I USED THIS GLUE
SO IT WOULDN'T FALL OFF.
( comical shriek )
YOU USED THAT?!
THAT NEVER COMES OFF.
WHY DOESN'T IT SAY THAT
ON THE BOTTLE?
IT DOES.
WHAT'S THE ANTIDOTE?
MORE EDUCATION?
HEY, DAD.
SON.
THAT'S WEIRD.
HE'S NOT MENTIONING
THE CRAZY FACIAL HAIR.
I WONDER WHAT'S UP
WITH THE CRAZY FACIAL HAIR.
SOMETHING TELLS ME
I DON'T WANNA KNOW.
SO, TYLER, DO YOU KNOW
HOW IT WENT WITH AVERY
AND HER FRIEND?
NO, I REALLY DON'T.
HE'S SO CONCERNED
ABOUT AVERY
THAT HE DOESN'T
CARE I'VE GOT
THIS MONKEY BUTT
GLUED TO MY FACE!
HAS HE HAD THAT A LONG TIME
AND I JUST DIDN'T NOTICE?
OH, HEY, STAN.
OH, YOU'RE BACK!
WOW!
LOOK AT THE TIME.
GOTTA GET GOIN'.
STAN, STOP.
GOTTA GO PLAY
SOME CHLOE CHESS.
I JUST CAN'T GET
THAT MONKEY OFF MY BACK.
UNFORTUNATELY, THAT'S
ONE OF HER NEW RULES--
SHE MAKES ME WEAR
A MONKEY ON MY BACK.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY WON'T YOU TALK TO ME?
I DO TALK TO YOU.
I'M TALKING NOW,
AND THAT'S PRETTY
IMPRESSIVE FOR A DOG.
WHAT DO YOU WANT, OPERA?
YOU'RE AVOIDING ME.
( singing Italian opera )
STAN, I JUST--
GOTTA GO. CIAO.
SIT. STAY.
OH, YOU DID NOT JUST
PUT ME IN A SIT-STAY.
WELL, YOU LEFT ME NO CHOICE.
YOU'VE BEEN AVOIDING ME,
AND I WANT TO KNOW WHY.
I'VE BEEN DEALING
WITH SO MUCH,
AND NO ONE'S BEEN
ABLE TO HELP ME.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND,
STAN.
I NEED YOU.
FINE. YES,
I'M AVOIDING YOU,
BUT IT'S NOT
BECAUSE I DON'T CARE.
IT'S BECAUSE I DO CARE.
WHAT?
LOOK, I LOVE HELPING YOU.
I WANT TO HELP YOU.
BUT I'VE BEEN
AVOIDING YOU BECAUSE...
I'M AFRAID
OF LETTING YOU DOWN.
STAN, YOU NEVER LET ME DOWN.
YEAH, BUT THIS IS DIFFERENT.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS,
WITH ALL THE GUESSING
AND THE WORRYING
AND THE YAWNING?!
I MEAN, DOGS, WE--
WE DON'T SIT AROUND
WONDERING IF ANOTHER
DOG LIKES US.
WE KEEP IT SIMPLE.
WE GO FOR IT.
I'M SORRY, AVERY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO TELL YOU.
YES, STAN.
AS USUAL, YOU DO.
REALLY?
I'M SO HAPPY!
( singing Italian opera )
HEY, AVERY.
YOU WANTED TO MEET ME
BEFORE SCHOOL?
OH, YEAH.
I HAD A GREAT TIME
YESTERDAY.
YEAH. IT WAS A GOOD MOVIE,
AND IT WAS HILARIOUS
WHEN YOU FEEL DOWN THE STAIRS!
SO... WHAT DO YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT?
UH, HERE'S THE THING.
OH, THIS IS WAY HARDER
THAN I THOUGHT.
HOW DO I TELL HIM
I LIKE HIM?
I'M SO NERVOUS,
MY GIANT KNEES
ARE SHAKING.
NO, STAN IS RIGHT.
KEEP IT SIMPLE
AND GO FOR IT.
DUSTIN, I LIKE YOU,
AND--
COOL.
I LIKE YOU TOO.
YOU WANNA BE MY GIRLFRIEND?
YEAH, AND I, UH,
I WANTED TO SAY THAT--
WAIT, WHAT?
I LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE AWESOME.
YOU WANNA BE MY GIRLFRIEND?
UH... YES.
YES, I DO.
COOL.
( imitating explosions )
YES! AVERY JENNINGS
IS MY GIRLFRIEND!
SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
I HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
BE COOL.
I'M COOL.
I'M ALWAYS COOL.
IF HE HURTS
MY LITTLE GIRL,
I'M GONNA TWIST HIM
INTO A PRETZEL.
OH, A PRETZEL WOULD
BE GREAT RIGHT NOW!
Stan: IT WAS GREAT
TO HELP MY BEST FRIEND
FIGURE OUT
THE RULES OF LOVE.
SPEAKING OF LOVE,
I STARTED THINKING
ABOUT THAT POODLE
AS I WAS FLIPPING
THROUGH AVERY'S
HISTORY BOOK.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
JULIUS CAESAR.
SACAGAWEA.
SECRETARIAT.
YEP, EVERYBODY LOOKS
BETTER WITH A POODLE-DO.
OH, HEY, NIKKI,
WHAT'S UP?
YOU STILL CAN'T GET
THAT OFF?
NO, SO I DECIDED
TO PUT ON THIS UNIFORM
AND PRETEND IT WAS ALL
PART OF A SCHOOL PROJECT.
THAT'S VERY SMART.
REALLY? YOU THINK SO?
WELL, FOR A BOY WHO
THOUGHT MY GRANDFATHER
WAS A CIVIL WAR GENERAL
AND PERMANENTLY GLUED
HAIR TO HIS FACE,
ANYTHING IS SMART.
THANK YOU.
THE WEIRD THING IS,
IT'S KIND OF CAUGHT ON
WHAT SOME OF THE YOUNGER
KIDS WHO LOOK UP TO ME.
HEY, TYLER.
I WIN!
BOOP! I WIN!
HEY, THAT'S CHLOE CHESS.
I DIDN'T MAKE THE RULES.
YES, I DID.
( laughing )